docs: document AI-Q 2.2 candidate scope (#322)
NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/aiq-research-assistant: docs/source/customization/mcp-tools.md

- `MCP_TOKEN_STORE_TYPE`: `aiq_sqlite` for a single-host example or `redis` for multi-process and
  multi-host deployments.

> The UI reads connection status from `/v1/data_sources` and presents Connect or Reconnect for the protected source. AIQ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI reads connection status from `/v1/data_sources` and presents Connect or Reconnect for the protected source. AI-Q
```
